update docs (#567)
gnoswap-labs/gnoswap: contract/r/gnoswap/protocol_fee/README.md

> # Protocol Fee
> 
> ## Overview
> 
> Protocol fee manages how trading fees collected from the protocol are split between the `gov/staker` and the `DevOps` team.
> 
> ## Fee
> 
> ### Collection
> 
> - Accumulates protocol fees from various operation (swaps, liquidity provision, etc.)
> - Track collected fees by token type
> - Only pool, router, and staker contracts can add fees to the collection
> 
> ### Distribution
> 
> - Distributes collected fees between governance stakers and DevOps
> - Default distribution: 100% to `gov/stakers`, 0% to `DevOps` initially
> - Distribution percentages are configurable
> - Only `gov/staker` contract can trigger fee distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Protocol Fee

## Overview

The Protocol Fee contract manages assets collected as protocol fees across the platform and distributes them to xGNS holders via the `gov/staker` contract.

## Fee

### Collection

- Accumulates protocol fees from various operations ([details](https://docs.gnoswap.io/core-concepts/fees#protocol-fees)).
- Tracks collected fees by token type.
- Only the **pool**, **router**, and **staker** contracts can contribute fees to the collection.

### Distribution

- Distributes collected fees between governance stakers and DevOps.
- Default distribution: **100% to `gov/stakers`, 0% to `DevOps`** (initially).
- Distribution percentages are configurable by governance.
- Only the `gov/staker` contract can trigger fee distribution.
```
